Manikandan - Administrative Manager
 
Started his career in 2019, handling office, Human Resources, Finance, Network, and setup Administration are his major roles. 
Responsible for:
1. Accountability, finance, Funds Raising(Budget Planning), Pre-planning.
2. Monthly Account Maintenance which includes [Salaried TDS, ESI, Provident Funds]
3. Corporate Affairs, Registration with the local municipality, Goods and Services Tax, Import and Export Service and Incorporation.
4. Purchase(to be filled by 21st of every month) and Sales(to be filled by 10th of every month).
Tools Used:
1. ERP (Finance)
2. Tally (Accountability)
3. Zendesk (SLA)

Various aspects of recruiting an SLA:
1. Fluent Communication (UK Slang)
2. Patience
3. Tracking Ability. 

Santhosh Kumar - Senior Full Stack Developer

Joined Mediwave 1.5 Years ago, and led various projects namely Alderhay @nywhere, Alderhay WMV, and CHD.
Currently working on our own product MAIA. Plays his role along with the design team in architectural setup. 
His checklist involves sprint planning, Mid-Review, and End of Review.

1. Created a common base along with team members that is feasible for others to develop.
2. Goes along with the plan of the project.
3. Focuses on Backend Security and Encryption.
4. Split a big task into chunks and solve it.

Tools Used:
1. VS Code
2. Github
3. Postman [Without front-end dependency we can work on the Backend].

Jayanthi QA Lead

Works with Agile Methodology. So far worked on 21 projects and currently handling 9 projects.
1. Performs sprint-wise actions and demo sessions if accepted in the requirement phase.
2. Currently using Eclipse for automation along with Jenkins and Cucumber framework, Moving to Playwright for upcoming automation projects.
3. For Bug reporting and locking Wrike is used.
4. As a QA Lead does follow-ups, schedules weekly meetings, assigns tasks daily, and updates workload. Responsible for sign-off from Staging to User Acceptance Testing.
5. QA Team uses Custom Fields in which they can lock the bugs of the project (Implemented this April).
6. Doesn't allow P1 and P2 bugs to the deployment team.
7. Schedule the time needed to dispatch the task (Pre-planning).

Tools used:
1. Jmeter - Load Testing.
2. Postman - API Testing.
3. Wave - Accessibility Testing.

George Washington - Admin

Fixes office-related issues. Solves internal resource shortages (Water, Electricity, etc.,)

1. Takes care of the issues raised by trainees.
2. Handles networking and system issues.
3. Estimates the resource budget of the office and submits it to Manikandan.
4. Gives inputs for cultural events.
5. Assign Common Wrike tasks to all.


DEEPAK AND VASU - Front-End & Design Managers

Decides which phase is to done first to make Back-end developer easier. 

1. From Design, the flow moves to the Front End Team who is responsible for the User Interface.
2. As a FE dev, the main goal is to achieve (bug) error-free product.
3. Involved in various projects like Alderplay, @nywhere, Beth, MAIA, Medi check, and ACACIUM, etc.,
4. Pre-planning will be done to manage timing.
5. Based on the priority approaches to the task.

Tools Used:

1.JavaScript, React 
2. Figma, Adobe XD.

Hemavathy and Vyshnav - Human Resource Team

1. Responsible for Recruitment, Charlie HR, and Cultural activities.
2. For any issues or suggestions related to work, they will be the point of contact.

GOPU - Full Stack Lead

Started his career as a developer, and now he leads a full-stack team. Currently working on MAIA own project.
While assigning tasks to team members, conducts [KT sessions] so on-time delivery will be attained.
Keeps tracking through daily or alternative day meetings.

Tools Used:

1. Javascript - FE & BE
2. React - FE
3. Node JS, Express JS, MongoDB - BE



Sravan Kumar - QA & Third-Party Integrations

Manages the whole QA team. Responsible for Data Security and Encryption. 


Vignesh - Devops Team













































